I often stop here for my <coffee/> on the way into work and to get gas. Service is usually fast and friendly. They have a fairly regular staff here who all know what they're doing.
I've eaten here several times and it serves its purpose.

Satisfying food, quick service, friendly enough staff and seemed clean to me.

When I'm in need of a quick <Mexican food/> fix I'd hit this place again.
An old fashion <candy/> store! What's not to like.

I've been in here several times and have made several purchases. Even if you don't buy anything it's fun to look around.

I won't buy the <corn/> or <bacon/> <soda/> again but it was still fun to try such a product.
This place is right across the street from my place so I've been here a few times. It shares a building with a <Subway <sandwich/> shop so you can get yourself a fairly healthy <sandwich/> and ruin the meal by topping it off with a few <donuts/>. LOL

They do seem to be short staffed every time I've been here there's only one person working in the back by himself. The Subway staff usually holler at him for me to get his attention.

Other than that it's Winchell's my favorite <doughnuts/>. You'd have to really annoy me to make me not like Winchell's.

It's also open 24 hours a day. So when that sweet tooth strikes I don't have far to go.
I've often used this mountain as a quick workout as it's not far from where I live. 

You can find all the details of the hike at http:\/\/www.birdandhike.com\/Hike\/Other_Areas\/Lone_Mt\/_Lone_Mt.htm

It's a steep 600 foot climb. Hiking poles would come in handy as there are some really steep spots where it's easy to slip on loose rocks. 

The climb up is not too dangerous. Most slips will only result in scratches and bruises but watch your step at the summit. The top is very narrow a slip here could be disastrous. 

Make sure you bring plenty of water. I'd avoid hiking this in the summer as there is absolutely no shade any where.
A few of us from our company had lunch here today. We had planned on eating at the buffet,  but were informed it was an hour and a half wait,  so we opted for the Hash House.

I had the small order of <chicken/> and <waffles/>. This was the first time I've tried this combination of sweet and salty. I've seen <chicken/> and <waffles/> reviewed on different food shows and it looked interesting. Apparently it's a popular item down south.

I found it good and I'd order it again. 

One of my companions had the <meatloaf/> and he said it was awesome!

I did notice other patrons food orders were very large. So you apparently get your moneys worth here and the prices seemed good as well. Most items on the menu seemed to be around ten dollars.

My one complained was that it was quite a long wait to get our food.

Although I wasn't really wowed by this place I did find the food satisfactory and the prices were excellent. The staff was friendly and the place was clean.

I'd definitely give this place a try again.
My girlfriend and I have lived in Vegas nearly 40 years. We've been through Boulder City many times but never actually stopped anywhere other than to get gas.

Today we decided to play tourist in Boulder City. This was one of the first stores we stopped in. Actually we stopped in Goat Feather Too.

The woman working the story was very friendly and helpful. When she heard we were from Vegas and that this was our first time actually checking out the town she went out of her way to tell us all about where we should visit.

Although this was our first visit we were impressed enough with all of the antique stores that we plan on coming back when we need to do some gift shopping. These stores have something for everyone. This will definitely be one of the stores we revisit.

Thanks again for making our visit fun!
My girlfriend and I have lived in Vegas nearly 40 years. We've been through Boulder City many times but never actually stopped anywhere other than to get gas.

Today we decided to play tourist in Boulder City. Many of the shops we stopped in made us feel very welcome. This was not one of them.

Upon entering the store there was a group of just over half a dozen people in there. They were probably just checking it out like us. Shortly after they left we heard one of the clerks comment to the other about how big the group was and how cheap they were not to purchase anything. 

We left shortly after hearing that comment. I work in retail myself and sure I've been know to complain about cheap customers but I always make sure they're out of earshot and they get my friendliest service. 

This place could use some lessons on customer service.

All this aside....the place did look great.
I hiked to this peak a number of years ago. I recall it being quite a work out. I was in my mid 40s at the time and in fairly decent shape. This isn't a hike you'd want to do on a whim with no previous hiking experience.

It'll definitely have you gasping for breath and feeling the burn in your legs.

I do recall the climb was fairly straight forward meaning not much chance of getting lost. I recall climbing to the ridgeline then just following it to the summit.
I work in the area so have eaten at this location numerous times.

The location is right across from the Mandalay Bay.

The staff at this location changes constantly. But no matter how often the staff changes you can always count on them being inept. 

If you have to eat here I'd suggest walking inside. The drive through is always a long wait.

The food is typical McDonalds except for their <french <fries/>. At most McDonalds I love their <fries/>...not at this place. They're always old and it taste as if they never change the oil in their fryer.  I've never had a good <french fry/> at this place.

If you're really craving McDonalds I'd suggest you try another one.
I've eaten here several times as I work in the area.

As usual for a food court area in a casino it's always very loud here. The line is usually very long as well.

I've never tried Popeyes prior to this place opening and can say after several visits that if this is typical of all <Popeyes <Chicken/> I'm not a big fan of their food.
If you've never been here and you're  visiting Vegas find the time to go visit this place.

This is the kind of place that makes you proud of what the human race can accomplish. 

Along with taking some snapshots take whatever tour they currently have available to learn about how this place was built. It really is amazing!
I've been here a few times over the years. I'd probably eat here more if I didn't live on the opposite side of town.

I've always enjoyed my experience here and look forward to eating there again.
I've been coming here for decades. Literally since the mid 70s. 

The staff has always been friendly and courteous. The doctors are always informative and willing to answer any questions or concerns I might have.

I now live in Anaheim but was in town for my vacation. I made it a point to stop in and have my eyes examined while I was in Vegas.

I'll be continuing to visit these folks for years to come.
My girlfriend and I decided to order out one evening and wanted to try someplace new.

We decided to try Seattle Dan's. Well the good part first. The price was right. Delivery was fairly quick. And the service was friendly.

The bad news was the food was the worst I've ever had delivered. 

The best thing I can say about their <pizza/> is that it was edible. I'm sure homeless people would love it.

Their wings were the absolute worst I've ever had. They looked like they were uncooked and didn't taste much like they were either. I'm not sure you could get a homeless person to eat these. You might be able to persuade a homeless dog.

Unless they improve their menu I"d never order from them again.
Years ago this place was well away from the city. Nowadays the city has build right up to and around it.

Went out there today with my daughter and our dogs and walked around the place. It was very quiet and peaceful. Just like I remembered it from years ago. I'm sure it helped that it was only 8 AM and a weekday.  I bet it gets busier on weekends.

My one complaint was that the ponds looked like they could really use a cleaning. I saw food wrappers and empty bottles floating in all of them.

The dogs had a blast running around and I enjoyed a quiet morning walk with my daughter.
We've been wanting to try this restaurant for sometime now and I thought Valentines Day would be the perfect day to give it a try.

Unfortunately I didn't think of reserving it until about 4 days before Valentines. The only time they had left was 9:45 PM. I reserved it anyway.

I was a little concerned they'd be rushing us to finish our meal, so we arrived about 40 minutes early. I figured we could have a couple of drinks at the bar if they weren't able to seat us. Fortunately they were able to seat us right away.

Our waitress, Mettia, was awesome! Attentive and professional and friendly.

The ambiance was great.

The food was mediocre and we waited over an hour from when we placed our order for the food to arrive.

The staff and ambiance are reason enough for a return visit. I just hope they can improve the quality of their food and the speed of delivery.

Overall we really enjoyed ourselves and would recommend it to others.
I've visited this place on and off since the 70s. This casino is a throwback to the old casino days when the hotels were smaller and smoke filled.

They've done some remodeling over the years but if ya wanna know what the hotels in Vegas use to be like pay a visit to this place.
We had breakfast here every morning during our three-day stay.

The food was average as was the service.

Usually have a short wait to get seated and to get your check when you finished eating.

I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Not much here other then a couple of picnic tables and a restroom. It does provide a nice place to park if you plan to hike around  Cheyenne Mntn. and want to start on the northern end of it.
Stopped in here to pick up lunch on the way home today. 

To be honest I haven't eaten in a Sonic in forever. So parking at one of their little ordering machines I got out of my car and was about to walk in because I didn't know if I could order food to go while parked at one of their ordering machines. Also I'm sure there is a better name then "ordering machine"...maybe ordering station, vending space???? I'm sure if you've ever been to one you know what I'm referring to.

Anyway a young lady comes outside to tell me how a Sonic works. I could order from a machine outside to eat at one of their tables, or I could eat in my car while parked at one of their ordering stations, or they actually have a drive through.  I'm sure she must have wondered what was up with the "old guy" who didn't know how a fast food joint worked. Anyway she was kind and polite and did her best not to make me feel like a absent minded "old guy"

Weighing my options I decided to use their drive through. I ordered a couple <hot dogs/>. One mustard only and a <Chicago style dog/>. A order of tater tots and a number 1 which is just a classic <burger/>, <fries/> and a drink.

As is typical for a fast food joint it was staffed with a very young group of people. What was not typical for a fast food joint is they actually got my order right.

Food was actually pretty good for a fast food joint. I'm sure when I feel like abusing my body with fast food I'll visit this place again.
Stopped in here today while visiting Boulder City. We enjoy visiting the different antique stores.

Many unique items to be found in here, although the couple items that I was interested in seemed over priced. I didn't have a chance to discuss these items with anyone as the one person working the store was busy trying to buy some merchandise from an older woman in the store.

I know business is business but perhaps this should have been done somewhere else. It almost sounded as if you were trying to talk a poor old woman out of her family heirlooms.
While staying at the hotel we took in a movie here. Totally enjoyed this theatre. Most comfortable seats I've ever experienced at a movie theatre.
I recently payed this establishment a visit because I was here for a convention. 
When you've lived here as long as I have a casino is a casino is a casino.

That being said I do have a fondness for these older Vegas hotels. I like the lower ceilings. They remind me of the old days of Vegas. Back when the casinos cared about their customers. Also remember Elvis once walked these grounds.

As is typical nowadays in Vegas everything is way overpriced. 

The employees I encountered were all polite.
I used to come here back in the 90s when this was a great bar.

Well it's no longer the 90s and it's no longer a great bar.
This is an easy trail you can make it as short or as long as you like depending on your fitness level.

Great views of Lake Mead and the surrounding desert!

Great views, great hike, historic significance! Take the time to check this place out.
I've visited this place a half a dozen times over the years. Usually it's a quick stop for something to eat late at night after I get off work.

The food and the service have always been great.
So leaving work the other night I was in the mood for some <BBQ/>. A quick Yelp review showed this place was on my way home.

It's a small place in a business district. The young tatted girl working the counter was polite and helpful.

After perusing their menu I decided to order a full slab of <beef ribs/>, a order of <mac and cheese/> and two orders of <coleslaw/>. With a tip it came to $53

I wanted to get a bottle of <soda/> to go but they don't sell it by the bottle and I didn't want to spill it in my car on the way home. So I passed on the <soda/>.

We found the entire meal to be okay. The <ribs/> were very pink in the middle. I suppose some like it that way. But they were much more pink than we prefer.

Neither of us liked the <mac and cheese/>. We found the <macaronis/> to be way over cooked. We prefer them to have a little bit of firmness.

The <cole slaw/> was the best part of the meal, although it was a bit dry. If there was a little slaw juice in with it it would be great!

So would I stop here again. Perhaps, but I think I'd try something different. 

And bottles or cans of <soda/> would be great so you wouldn't have to stop somewhere else.
I drive by this place just about everyday on my way to work. I've always been curious about it.

While out and about yesterday we decided to stop in and give it a try.

I ordered the <shrimp/> PO Boy <sandwich/>. My girl ordered the <BLT/>.

The <BLT/> was edible. The <Shrimp/> Po Boy/> was not. 
I'm not a picky eater, but I was only able to take two bites of the <Po Boy/>. It tasted like old grease. The <shrimp/> were tasteless.

The waiter stopped by and asked how the food was. I told him horrible. He just smiled and walked away. I think he must have misheard me  LOL

Other options may be better, but you've only got one shot to make a first impression. The impression they left won't have us coming back.
I've eaten here a couple of times. Great food! Friendly staff! Excellent ambiance.

Can't wait to visit here again.
Just moved to this area and needing a haircut I got on Yelp to see where I'd find my new barber. 

I had selected another place but arriving there found they were closed on Mondays. So another quick Yelp search and I found this place.

Walking in I saw a bunch of younger guys getting their typical haircuts. I'm an old guy so was a little concerned I'd walk out with a 20 something haircut.

My barber, I think Napoleon was his name, was very good. He asked plenty of questions so that he'd get my hair just how I like it.

Great job here and I'll definitely be back.
I've hiked this trail a few times. I wouldn't say it's one of the most scenic hikes in the area but it is beautiful.

Watch out for those switchbacks on the way up they seem to never end.

Once you reach the top Bonanza Peak is not too far off.
Spring Mountain National Recreation Area is a very generic term as there's so much that that title covers.

There's hiking trails, picnic areas, motels, restaurants, skiing, mountain biking, camping....if you enjoy the outdoors there's literally something for everyone here.

If you can't find something enjoyable to do up here you've got a problem.
This is a nice area and very easy to drive to. You'll find this area packed on the weekends because it's so easy to get to.

Although I'm not a fan of crowds of people and would rather visit nature without the crowds I still give this place 4 stars. You just have to know when to visit when they're are less people. 

Try a weekday when it's not so nice out. Windy, rainy days are good. Besides those kind of days make a hike more interesting.
For just a $2.00 entrance fee you can't beat this place. Very interesting and informative. I haven't been out here in years but today my girlfriend and I spent an enjoyable morning checking it out.

My only piece of constructive criticism would be that some of the outdoor displays in the ghost town need to be redone. They have become weathered and are often times hard to read.
We love the town of Boulder City and often visited it when we need to get away from the crowds of Las Vegas.

It's been awhile since we've been to Boulder City and we didn't recall seeing this shop so we stopped in.

The guy working the store was friendly. If you need anything alien related this is definitely the place to go.

It seemed out of place in Boulder City to me. I mean I don't think Boulder City is exactly a UFO hot bed but still I wish them well.

Definitely an interesting store to visit.
Very busy here this morning. We opted to go inside because the drive-through was very long.

There wasn't much of a line inside and the guy behind the counter was very friendly.

The wait time for my gfs drink wasn't too long.
I normally don't like coffee shops on the strip but I do like this one.

The place looks clean and smells great. Staff is friendly. I'll be revisiting it.
Have grabbed a quick bite to eat hear many times as it's right around the corner from me.

Always quick and friendly. Sometimes when I have my dog in the car they even give her a treat.
This is one of the best bars in town. Not many of the yuppie types here. Thank god.

Great food, friendly staff and customers.

Karaoke nights with James are a blast!
Stopped in here recently for lunch. I ordered a <chicken sandwich/> combo to go.

The two guys working the front counter had the enthusiasm of a couple of rocks. It looked like it was an effort for them to even take a step. I understand it's probably not the best job in the world but there are people like me who recruit our employees from people we run into during our day to day activities. These two have zero chances of being recruited to work somewhere else.

I also had to ask for the <fries/> that went with my combo. I got them, but only after a heavy sigh from one of the two at the counter. You would have thought I'd asked him to come outside and change my tire rather then just asking them for a bag of fries.

The food was mediocre, probably a three. But the lack of enthusiastic service definitely drops it to a two.
Stopped in here this evening for a drink. Bar was packed. We managed to squeeze up to the bar and order a drink. We had to take our drinks to a table as there was nowhere at the bar to sit.

The bartender noticed us as soon as we came in. This is a plus. Seems a lot of bartenders tend to ignore you for awhile unless you're a regular.

We also ordered a basket of <fries/> which were quite tasty.

So why only a 3 star rating? We're new to the area and we're looking for a friendly type of bar. A place where customers actually talk to each other rather than hunch over their poker machines.

This place is nice enough but it's made from the same mold as many of the bars in Vegas.
This review is for my room only. The rest of our three day stay was enjoyable.

I've stayed in many hotel rooms, but this is the first time I've stayed in one with no coffee pot. Not only no coffee but no small fridge and no ironing board.
Ate here tonight with my family. It wouldn't hurt the hostesses to learn how to smile now and then.

The food was good and our waiter was polite and friendly.

Everything was a bit slow tonight. Wait time for a seat was about 20 minutes. Fortunately the time spent waiting for our food passed quickly as we spent the time catching up with the family we hadn't seen in awhile.
Friendly staff. Clean place. 

Visited with one of the employees while waiting for our pizza. Didn't realize how long this business had operated in Vegas. Will definitely be back. I enjoy places that gave a bit of history to them.
Been in here many times over the years. I wish they still had the dance hall saloon.

The Mexican restaurant Willy and Jose's is awesome. 

If you need to buy yourself some western garb this is a great place to do it at.

Nice movie theater here.

I've spent a night or two here and have never had any complaints with their rooms.
Ate here with my girlfriend this evening. She had the <Mongolian entree/> and I had the <Pad Cha Cha Cha entree/>. Both were excellent.

We've also eaten here once before and had no complaints that time either.

Service was prompt and friendly.

We'll definitely be back again.
I've been in here a couple of times.

Today I stopped in and wanted to pick up a few common wheat back pennies & a ounce of silver. Their salesman Dominic was great! Even though I wasn't spending a great deal of money he took the time to help me find exactly what I was looking for.

When it comes time to pick up those key dates I'll definitely come back here because of the great service.
This location just opened. May 24th 2013 was there first day of business.

I hadn't eaten at a Schlotzsky's for many years, so being as I work in the area I was looking forward  to having somewhere new to have lunch at.

I've eaten there twice now since they opened. On both visits they were fast and very friendly. Being they're brand new  you really wouldn't expect less than stellar service.

The food was good and a real change of pace to what has been available around here.
I've eaten here a half a dozen times and have always had a good experience. 

The service has always been quick and friendly. The place is always clean. The food has always been tasty.

I'm sure I'll be visiting again.
I"ve seen many movies here. The place is always spotless. Staff is friendly, prompt and courteous.

Never a problem here. I"m sure I"ll be back many times.
If you don't have much time but would like to see the Scenic side of Las Vegas you really can't beat this scenic loop.

Be sure to bring your camera because there will be plenty of opportunities to pull over and take amazing photos.

It's only about 30 to 45 minutes from the Las Vegas strip.

If you're a first timer out there be sure to stop by the information center.
We visited this place with our grandson and had a great time. Lots of playground toys for him to play on.

We enjoyed our time here. My only complaint was that I felt there could have been more trees around the playground area.
I had to visit the store next door and my girl wanted to stop in here. This was my first visit to a Pier 1 so I really have nothing to compare it to.

Seemed like any other knick knack store. Although I'm a guy who hates shopping so just roaming around a knick knack store isn't really my idea of a good time.

The place seemed clean enough and had plenty of knick knacks if that's your thing.
I hiked this canyon about a decade ago. Wow didn't realize it had been that long. I need to get out there again. It was a fun hike. One I definitely recall fondly.
Tried this place one time shortly after they opened. 

I wasn't really impressed with their food. The place did look neat and clean and the staff was very friendly.

Although I wasn't impressed with my one visit based on the customer service I'll probably try it again at some point.
We ate here on a recent visit to Vegas. We found it to be a decent meal for the price. We'd eat here again.

There was lot's of variety to choose from.
This has been my quick stop store for a number of years as it's right across the street from where I live.

It's always been quick and friendly.

A great corner store.
Stopped in here recently for breakfast. 
We were seated fairly quickly, but no one ever came to take our order so we left.
I love a good <burger/>! Can't say I love this place.

I was excited to try this place when it opened. I made one visit there and haven't been back since. 

I don't remember what I ordered as it was sometime ago. Obviously was unimpressed with their <burger/>. I do recall throwing the <fries/> away they were disgusting enough to be memorable.

On the plus side the place was neat and clean, The staff was friendly and quick enough. The food just didn't appeal to me.

Would I give it another try? I just don't think so unless someone else was buying.
Stopped in this evening for dinner. 
I was looking for a place sorta like IHOP or Denny's. This diner sounded perfect.

There was no wait time to be seated. The staff was pleasant, friendly and helpful.

Food was good and portions were large enough that we each ended up taking part of our dinners home for later.

I had the <meatloaf/> plate and she had the <pot roast/>. We both had a <dinner <salad/>.

Total with tip was about $45. A little pricier then a Denny's or IHOP but then service was definitely better.
Typical McDonalds. Food was typical. Employees were typical. Wait time was typical. Clientele was typical. Typical.
My dog is getting old and has been having some issues lately. I also had some questions.

Seeing the high Yelp reviews I thought I'd give this place a try. 

I called and was informed they were very busy today but could squeeze me in. 

The Vet was awesome! She took the time to answer all of  our questions regarding our aging dog. She understood our concerns and seemed genuinely empathetic.

Also found they board dogs here which is a big plus for us. I'm sure we'll be back if we have more issues or questions.
I've hiked this trail many times over the years, every time it's a beautiful experience.

It's short enough and has enough elevation gain that it's a good work out for higher and longer hikes.

Be sure to take a camera the views at the top are phenomenal!
We stopped in here this evening for my mothers birthday.

The staff was friendly unfortunately none of us were overly impressed with the food. It was okay but for well over a hundred I expect a little more for my money.

The <salad/> bar was great! Should have just had that. Also the <baked <potato/> was very good.

The <prime rib/> was very dry and tasteless. The <cheese cake/> crust/> was burnt. The <seafood/> platter/> was a deep fried mess.

At least my mom seemed to enjoy the <salmon/>.

Again nothing was horrible but at the same time nothing was great.
Stopped in here recently as I had to purchase a couple of items for my care.

The staff were all pleasant and friendly. I'll definitely go here again when I need something auto related.
I've been here a half a dozen times over the years. Every visit was a pleasure.

The god is good and the drinks are excellent. You'll love the ambiance in the bar. It's the perfect place to take a date.
Stopped in here with my family for dinner today. 

Great Service. Great Food!

Will definitely be back.
I've been here half a dozen times since the new management took over in 2012.

The place is very clean. Friendly staff. The best bar food I've had in a long time.

If I lived closer this would be a regular hang out for me.
Stopped by here to pick up a dozen donuts for a early morning meeting.

I found the selection of donuts to be very minimal. They didn't even have sugar donuts. I thought that was a basic must have donut. I also thought they were a bit over priced.

The guy at the counter was nice so I can't complain about their customer service.

My staff loved the donuts, they just didn't appeal to me.
I've eaten here many times over the years and every experience was excellent.

This little casino is from the old school....it's been here for years. Low ceilings, crowded, low lights.

The food is always excellent and the staff is always friendly.
On a recent vacation I ran across a gem and mineral store which peaked my curiosity about the hobby of collecting them.

Upon looking up places in Vegas where I could purchase and learn about them I found this place.

I noticed several reviews mentioning they felt uncomfortable because the employees were keeping an eye on them. Well this is not the best part of town. And they are just trying there best to prevent theft.

At one point we were checking out one of the aisles and the owner, John, walked on over to check us out. I introduced myself and explained what I was looking for. He was a nice guy and we had a enjoyable short talk. All the time he was keeping his eye on some shady looking character in the store. I can't blame him.

I also saw mention of them being over priced. This may or may not be the case but he's trying to make a decent profit like all of us. If you know the price you want to pay and his stuff is to high then look elsewhere.

I'm in sales myself and it's been my experience that you can always find a cheaper product as well as a more expensive product.

I, myself enjoyed my visit here and will probably visit again in the future.
I recently went through their drive through for lunch.

This was the first drive through I've ever been through that splits into two lanes to order then back into one lane to pay.

I don't know if this actually makes things faster or not as it wasn't busy when I was there. The speed of service seemed about average. 

The employees had pleasant personalities and the food was about average for McDonald's.
Years ago this used to be my watering hole on the way home from work. Of course that was quite a few years ago.

It used to be a great spot back then.
Stopped in here this evening for a drink. Bar was packed. We managed to squeeze up to the bar and order a drink. We had to take our drinks to a table as there was nowhere at the bar to sit.

The bartender noticed us as soon as we came in. She got us each a drink, although she didn't seem none to friendly about it. She had that I hate my job personality.

Definitely not a friendly vibe in here. Had the feeling if you're not gambling you're not welcome.
Stopped in here for breakfast because I had a meeting in the hotel and there were no other options.

The staff were friendly and polite. The food was good. But as is typical in a high end Vegas hotel be prepared to be overcharged for everything.

Two of us had breakfast. I had pancakes and she had a omelet. We each had a drink. It came to $50.
I've been here a half a dozen times. Always a great dining experience! You don't get better than this for a mid range dining experience.

Always friendly and prompt service. The place is always clean and we enjoy the ambiance.

We've been there as a couple and with a larger group...no problems.

I'm sure I'll be visiting again.
I love bars that are a bit out of the way. The kind of places you really have to hunt down to find.

You'll find this little out of the way place on top of the "Hump to Pahrump" in the little community of Mountain Springs.

Because it sits at an elevation of about 5500 feet it's always a bit cooler than down in the valley. So it's a nice place to go to escape the heat and get out of the valley for awhile.

They have a couple of pool tables and a juke box. Weekend it's usually packed with bikers. Often they'll have a live band.

If your looking for a out of the way place to have a drink this is it.
Andra recently did our taxes. We found her to be very nice. She was helpful and explained things in a way that was easy to understand.

We'd definitely use her again.
This review is for Corn Creek Station which is sort of like the gateway to the Desert Wildlife National Refuge....sort of a visitor center.

I've been out here a half a dozen times over the years and have always loved this place.

It's not far from Vegas but due to it's lack of paved roads it doesn't get the type of visitation like RedRock Canyon or Mt Charleston. That's probably a good thing.

It's always been a great place to bring the dogs and let them off the leash to run around a bit. There were so few people no one seemed to care.

Well apparently that's changing I was out there today and there is a lot of construction going on. Looks like they're building a large visitor center.

What once was a large pond has been drained and the water is now in a large concrete pond.

What were once nice winding dirt paths can now best be described as winding sidewalks. It looked like hard concrete with dirt sprinkled on top.

And we were told twice by a park manager to keep our dogs on a leash. Guess this guy is instructed to snoop in the bushes and harass dog owners.

Oh well I know lots more beautiful places where no one harasses my dog.

It's still a lovely place and I'm sure non dog owners will love it.
I ate here a couple weeks ago. Almost forgot to Yelp it. Guess that shows how memorable it was.

It struck me as a typical chain restaurant. The food was bland and unmemorable as was the staff.

Would I return? I suppose so. Nothing special here but it'll do for a quick lunch or dinner.
This is probably my favorite place in all of the Redrock Canyon area.

The first part of the hike is typical desert. Brush, cactus, rocks and dirt.

Once you get into the canyon itself it's very lush and green.

Be sure to check out the creek. It flows year round. I've been there in July and August and there was still water even at that hot time of year.

If you were only going to do one hike in the Redrock area this would be the one I'd recommend.
Stopped in here yesterday for lunch. I wasn't especially hungry but the group I was with was. And since I've never tried a Red Robin I was up to give it a go.

The place was very busy but we were seated immediately. We were seated near a window and right away I noticed dried food on the window sill. Not a good sign.

I ordered the <fish and chips/> which, even though I wasn't hungry, I enjoyed and finished all of them.

I also had to try a tasted on my girlfriends <burger/>. That was okay I've had better.

Over all the food and service were decent. I'd eat here again.....but clean your window sills.
Went out here with my grandson for an event called A Day with Thomas. Apparently Thomas is a cartoon that he's a big fan of.

We had a great time out there. The staff were all friendly and helpful. 

I would have given it a 5 if it wasn't for the huge crowds. I'm sure that means it was a successful event for them, but crowds aren't really my thing. I'm sure I"d probably given it a 5 if I visited on a non event day.

The old trains were interesting and I would have enjoyed spending more time there learning more about the history of the railroad...but it was my grandsons day and it was a pleasure seeing him have a good time.
So we were looking on yelp for some place new to order from and decided to try Those Guys Pies.

We ordered the Maui Wowie Pizza, an Original Cheesteak sandwich a order of wings and a 2 liter bottle of soda. The total was just over $40.00

The guy who took the order over the phone was friendly, the delivery guy was friendly. The food arrived in about 30 minutes.

As far as the food goes, for the price,  I was hoping it would be tastier than it was.

The <wings/> and <sandwich/> were pretty good. I wasn't as impressed with the <pizza/>. 

It wasn't bad, but I really wasn't overly impressed. I'll probably try it again at some point in the future.
So I got home last night and was craving something to eat. I didn't have much in the house because I hadn't been to the store in awhile.

I did a search for "delivery" on Yelp to see what would turn up. Lo and behold I discovered this place was fairly close to me and I'd never tried it.

So having had a few <beers/> and few shots of <tequila/> I figured what the hell I'll give it a try. 

I ordered a <Hawaiian <Pizza/> a order of wings and a bottle of Pepsi. The food was at my door quicker than any delivery I've ever had!

I'm very picky about <wings/>. Most places seem way under cooked for my taste. These <wings/> were great. My only complaint was they had just a bit two much sauce on them. I'd probably strain them next time just to let a bit of it drip off. But they were really tasty!

The <pizza/> was great! So good in fact this is gonna be my new <pizza/> place to order from.

I only ordered a medium one last night as it was the first time I'd ordered from them. It was so good last night that I ordered a large one for breakfast LOL seriously. I'm typing this as I await it's arrival. I'm just waiting to hit the post button until it arrives in case they're slower this time.

Yep...very fast again. I'm off to have breakfast   :-)
My girlfriend and I have lived in Vegas nearly 40 years. We've been through Boulder City many times but never actually stopped anywhere other than to get gas.

Today we decided to play tourist in Boulder City. This shop was one of the highlights of our trip.

The staff was friendly. They even offered us <cookies/> and <coffee/> upon entering.

Their selection of merchandise was amazing. Although we didn't purchase anything today we've been discussing going back there for gift shopping for birthdays, anniversaries, Christmas, etc etc.  So I'm sure we'll be back in the near future.

Thanks again for making our visit fun!
Stopped in here recently to grab a bite on the way home. 

The young man working the window was great. Very upbeat and friendly.

Food was about average for Del Taco.
We stopped in today while out visiting Boulder City. 

This is another great little antique store to visit. Knick Knacks and treasures of all types and a friendly staff to boot.

We'll definitely stop in here again on a future visit.
This one is right across the street from me. 

When you're in the mood to run for the border this one is always fast and friendly.
I tried this place once shortly after it opened. It's very close to where I live so was anxious to give it a try.

The staff was very helpful and friendly! The place seemed neat and clean.

To be honest I can't remember what type of hot dog I ordered. I do recall that I was not overly impressed. It wasn't bad it just wasn't anything special.

Based on the customer service I"ll probably still gives this place another try in the future.
We were in the neighborhood and needed a few odds and ends so stopped in here.

Typical CVS.

Nothing special about this one. You see one you've seen em all.

They had what we needed. The staff were as robotic as any other one.
Avoid this place at all cost. I'm a quiet middle aged man and got kicked out of here for complaining to much about my noisy neighbors blasting their bass music all hours of the day and night.

If the noisy living conditions get to be too much you can always go for a walk in the park across the street and pass the time by watching drug transactions.
I work in the area so have eaten at this location numerous times.

The location is right across from the Mandalay Bay so due to it's proximity to major hotels it's often very busy which means a longer wait then other fast food joints off the strip.

The staff do their job. Nothing more nothing less. And like most Panda's the food is edible. Nothing spectacular here.
This is one huge casino. I've been in here many times over the years. 

This casino has a great location. You could spend your entire vacation here and never leave the hotel.

I've seem several concerts here as well. Great venue!
My girl and I stopped in here the other morning for breakfast.

We were promptly seated and our drinks delivered. 

I don't like to be kept waiting to place my order when I'm hungry. So after waiting what I felt was an inordinate amount of time I decided to leave and eat elsewhere.

My girl decided to stay and eat her breakfast. She said the food was good, so we'll maybe try it another time and see if I can get an order placed.
Stopped in here recently for lunch. I love <Popeyes Po Boy <Sandwiches/>. 

Typical fast food establishment. Staff was young, but got the job done in a reasonable amount of time. <Sandwich/> was good and the establishment was clean.

I'd stop in here again if I was in the neighborhood.
I live way out on the west side of Vegas and have on several occasions driven all the way to Boulder City for one of these burgers.

My girlfriend and I stopped in again today and as usual the service was great. The place was really packed and we had to stand around awhile to get a table. We didn't mind as we know the food is worth the wait.

Even as busy as they were the staff remained friendly and cheerful.

We'll definitely be back again and again.
I've been here several times for karaoke. The place really isn't any fun. I only go here occasionally for karaoke because it's fairly close to where I live.

If you decide to visit this place for karaoke you'll do a lot more listening than singing. You'll be lucky to get up to sing once every hour.

Drinks are overpriced and the service is very slow.

If you wanna go to watch others sing they do have some good regulars. Who, by the way, you'll notice get up to sing a lot more than you do. The food is also decent.

If you're looking for a great place to sing karaoke look elsewhere.
I've visited this place on and off since the late 80s.

The food has always been great!

The bar is owned by a family from Wisconsin and the food menu reflects that. You'll find plenty of <brats/> and <cheeses/> and their <walleye/> is excellent.
We stopped in here for lunch today. Upon entering we were greeted immediately and decided to sit at the counter.

Shortly after being seated I noticed a guy to our left get his credit card out and was ready to pay his bill and leave. It took him nearly 10 minutes to get anyone's attention. Watching him being ignored made us feel a bit uncomfortable as well.

I ordered the <cheese burger/> and <fries/> my girlfriend ordered the blt. 

Her order was finished and put out to be delivered to her. By the time a waitress got around to bringing it to her it was cold.

We never were given silverware and had to ask a neighbor at the counter if she could slide some of the other silverware over to us.

My <cheeseburger/> was excellent, the <fries/> were soso. The blt might have been good were it not cold.

The place seemed clean and the staff was friendly enough when they were around.

Their major problem is a major lack of attentiveness.
